Alright! Earlier in this section, what
we did is we looked at setting up a
banner and let me run this application
real quick here. This are our Spring Pet
Clinic and the banner is this little
Spring moment that comes up. Let me
scroll back up there once it's done.
So earlier in this course, I showed you
how we can set a banner dot text
properties to provide that ASCII art. Now
we came a little bit more fun with that.
In the backdrop on this, I looked into
the actual issue request a little
comically. The Spring team they added
the capability to take an image file and
convert it to ASCII text. So I guess
there's that actually tools out there.
They'll take any old image and convert
to ASCII text. I thought it'd be fun
to show you that little feature here.
I am going to use a picture of vizsla.
If you guys know me well, this is my
puppy here that is Jake. He's a little
grayer now that's a few years old but
I'm a little partial to the vizsla bread.
They are just striking dogs. And what
we're going to do is we're going to take
this image here and use that for our
banner. I'm going to show you how to
configure that right now. So let me jump
back over to IntelliJ.
What we want to do is we want to
take that image and put it in the
resources, so remember we have the Spring
Clinic Data. What we need is come down to
our web project. I'm going to open this
up and just take the resources.
What I want to do is I want to take that
image. I'm going to drag and drop it from
a different window. I'm just going to
plunk it right into resources.
I'm going to say OK.
I'm going to add that in to Git so this
is just a small image file. That is the one I
just showed you.
To configure it, what we want to do
is come here and you can see right there
at the top
Spring Banner image location. Right
there at the top, I'm going to do vizsla.jpg.
Now let me go ahead and restart
this. We will see the Spring logo there
get replaced as it restarts
and now we can see it's been replaced
with a image or ASCII art of that image.
So not the best rendition there.
The very simple thing that we can do
obviously, it's very rudimentary on how
it does the conversions. You want a
pretty simple image to drop in there.
Obviously a picture probably isn't going
to do that much for you. But now we
have a picture of a somewhat of a dog
not as good as the original image.
Let's toggle over here, take a quick
peek so you can see how this image here
was converted to ASCII art. Not the most
accurate thing because we are dealing
with ASCII art but it could be a fun
thing that you can do. Just something that you can
keep in the back of mind if you want to
change that start up banner for whatever
reason to customize a spring boot app. You
can either do a ASCII art text file or
you can take a jpg. Thanks to somebody
that wanted to add this feature to
Spring Boot.